---
layout:     post
title:      "Editorial of PANA"
subtitle:   "The Weird Attitude Of The World Power"
date:       2019-07-31 09:48:00
author:     "PANA 龚韩卿"
header-img: "https://s2.ax1x.com/2019/07/31/eY1sWF.jpg"
tags:
    - UNHRC
    - Pan-African News Agency
---

In the conference on July 31st, delegates of all nations discussed the definition of refugees and recipient countries, education for refugees, healthcare and etc. But many of the issues need to be discussed carefully again. Pan-African News Agency reporter concludes the phenomenon to be due to the weird attitude on adopting refugees of the United States, the world power.  

Americans seem to have the racism in mind still. In the usage of Americans, they call the old men whose nationalities are America “senior citizens”, using honorific appellation, while they call people in Africa “the poorer” directly without respect, which is highly insulting.  

Analysing the definition of refugees, we can realize that refugees are similar to another group of people. That is engonus, on which U.S.A. has got abundant experience of governance. Pan-African News Agency also organize a research on the attitude of America to the original inhabitants.  

According to The Los Angeles Times’ reports on November 19th, 2006, during the Cold War, the U.S. government vigorously exploited uranium deposits in the Navajo Indian Reserve. The action leaded to the results that the Indians who now live there are suffering from uranium contamination, while the U.S. government turned a deaf ear to their situation. According to data released by the American Indian Health Protection Center, after the deposition, cancer mortality there doubled between the early 1970s and the late 1990s. But the U.S. government has never investigated the hazards of uranium pollution to Indians. These actions of the government, in fact, threaten their survival. It is a kind of racial destruction. This is a violation of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide promulgated in 1984. What will America do to refugees instead?  

During the conference on July 31st, some delegates like the delegate of China, Japan, Bolivia and Hungary. So Pan-African News Agency reporter predicts that America will give a reasonable explanation for the refugee crisis. We will stay focus.
