---
layout:     post
title:      "UNHRC will hold conference on refugee-related issues"
subtitle:   "The Refugee Crisis Remains Unsolved"
date:       2019-07-30 12:00:01
author:     "CNN 陈祎旸"
header-img: "img/in-post/post-07-01-admin-01.jpg"
tags:
    - UNHRC
    - CNN
---

At present, there is an increasing number of refugees arise in the world. The dilemma situation of refugees belonging to nowhere has aroused increased attention around the globe.  

There is an element of truth in the saying “refugees are not given enough attention.” As a matter of fact, since the ancient times, refugees have been vastly suffering from unfair prejudice and discrimination. Unfortunately, a majority of countries turn a blind eye to this vital issue. Now, it is high time for all delegates to focus on the living condition of the refugees, specific protection to refugees on human rights and policies, and effective ways to reduce the poor attitude of local people towards refugees.  

First of all, having the same initial motivation and goal, all the delegates should unite as one to gaze at the very issue. It will strengthen relationships between their respective countries and will trigger no side effect as well.   

Besides, it is essential for delegates to have a consistent understanding of the difference between “commoditization” and “assimilation”, which indicates that if recipient countries adopt these refugees, a massive cultural diversity between refugees and local people will correspondingly emerge. Under such circumstances, countries should not treat them in the same way to do the same labor work, to have the same national day and to go on the same diets. Consequently, delegates should seek for feasible ways to separate the cultural concept from two kinds of people just like the methods adopted in some of the multi-ethnic nations.  

What’s more, an increasing amount of refugees to share the national resources means that fewer local people will be available to natural energy like water, electricity and coal. Since these resources are limited, delegates should not only take the interest of refugees into account, but also consider the local people’s benefit, especially while discussing specific protection ways of refugees’ rights.  

During the session, delegates will focus on the potential consequences for differences between refugees and local people, specific protection to refugees on their rights and politics. Problems might occur such as freedom opportunities, potential terrorists, and the gap between communication.  

As the official news agency of America, it is a regret to see that the delegate of US did a poor job before the conference. They don’t give interviews, and don’t even take sides, which seems to be worrying. As representatives of world powers, it is definitely a contempt for refugees living in deep water. So the delegate of the CNN has no choice but to interview other powerful countries such as China and Germany.  

Germany is a country which accepts lots of refugees since 2010. Till now, Germany has been the top choice of destination for refugees in the world. The delegate of Germany indicated that, Germany has always respect the rights of refugees, and is quite in favor of adopting refugees and their government has taken several actions such as encourage company to hire refugees and establish their own refugees scale. Their delegates also strongly pointed out that human rights of refugees can only be protected when the number of the people is limited. While, another powerful country, China, on the contrast, has never accept refugees in the recent years, they just only donate money.  The delegate of China supposed that all the countries should unite together. Besides, their country is willing to provide economic assistance, food supply, and health services, all the things they can do for refugees accept adopting them.  

To sum up, China and Germany are both willing to help refugees gain new lives. However, American’s attitude hasn’t been decided yet, which is indeed worrying. We will stay focus.
