---
layout:     post
title:      "Editorial No.2 of CNN"
subtitle:   "Whether Refugees Will Touch the Law, It’s Not About Identity, It’s About Rules"
date:       2019-07-31 00:08:00
author:     "CNN 陈祎旸"
header-img: "https://s2.ax1x.com/2019/07/30/eJqVeO.jpg"
tags:
    - UNHRC
    - CNN
---
  
Since the delegates have discussed sensible questions such as “the right to free religion”, “right to non-refoulement”, there is no denying that the delegates will further keep an eye on another political question about “refugees’ right to justice” tomorrow. And Cable News Network wants to give advanced advice on that topic.  

Many previous examples have been available already. A Chinese oversea student shot a citizen of the United States of America dead in his homeland in 2018, and the criminal recently has been justified to life sentence. It is common sense that foreigners who break the law in native country should be treated equally and so as the refugees. Welcoming the refugees to recipient countries with an open attitude does not mean that refugees can enjoy “super-national treatment” in recipient country. Hence, that is to say, refugees in recipient country should be subject to the same assimilation management as local citizens which means they should have the rights to appeal, while the recipient country also have the rights to prosecute.  
 
Just several days ago, the head of international department of the ministry said that we should promote the “commoditization” and “management” of local country and foreigners, especially refugees, and meanwhile seriously and prudently deal with those who violate the rules. He also stressed that “commoditization” does not mean “assimilation”. Local people and refugees should be treated as equals; and moreover, differences in customs, languages and culture of refuges should be noted as Cable News Network has already mentioned in prospect report.  
  
Looking back to the incident, the U.S.A. justified the Chinese criminal to life death is just because its same attitude: RANDOM KILLING SHALL NOT BE TOLERATED, and there have been many American local people who shot people and being sentenced in the past. Thus, the foreigners who bullies, should also “violate the law to be prosecuted” and should not have what exemption ground. The aforementioned case of oversea Chinese people being sentenced to death is not due to the killer’s nationality, but because of his “random killing.”  
  
To sum up, Cable News Network supposes it’s necessary for refugees to have their “right to justice”. It’s not out of a narrow nationalist mentality, but out of human empathy and the rule of law. Therefore, we are looking forward to all delegates arriving an agreement on the main idea of “the right to justice is not about refugees’ special identity, but about rules and more about fair” tomorrow.
