---
layout:     post
title:      "Editorial of CNN"
subtitle:   "Ways of Integrating Refugees Into Society"
date:       2019-07-30 22:31:00
author:     "CNN 陈祎旸"
header-img: "https://s2.ax1x.com/2019/07/30/eJqVeO.jpg"
tags:
    - UNHRC
    - CNN
---

Both the resettled refugees and their native countries face the severe problem of the social integration of refugees, which is the fundamentally the most widely debated topic in today’s sessions. The delegates of powerful countries, especially America, say nothing and do nothing about this vital issue, which is the main reason why the progress of the meeting is so limited.  

Cable News Network that how to make refugees blend into society is the key point to the whole meeting, and once this issue is appropriately solved, most of the obstacles such as their pay, their education, their treatment will be easily eradicated.  

In today’s meeting, all delegates come up with a solution in their country side, while Cable News Network takes the perspective of the refugees. The reporter believes that Information and Communication Technologies (ICTS) is a helpful way to settlement services and promote the participation of community, since it is already existent and making a difference. Statistics show that since 2000, government funding schemes have helped lower socio-economic groups to gain opportunities to enhance their life standards by providing ICTS hardware and training.  

A survey was conducted upon 48 individuals in 2013, in which 25 of them were from Republic of the Congo. All of these people were freely to ICTS, and after 5 years, they fully integrated into society and accomplished life events: acquaintance, marriage, birth…Cable News Networks supposes that the utilization of online tools and resources enabled some respondents to proactively improve their language skills and self-confidence, fulfilling their desire to integrate more fully into society. Furthermore, the investigators believe that using ICTS can help them understand new society and understand the culture and lifestyle operation mode of an unfamiliar society. This involves gathering information from web pages and search engines. By using ICTS to gather information about the new environment, respondents identify patterns of local affairs management and action that enable them to formulate an appropriate life plan to adapt new environment. ICTS provides refugee orientation information that can help newcomers transition and integrate into their new environment.  

To sum up, our agency believes ICTS can empower refugees with five valuable abilities: to participate in the information society, to communicate effectively, to understand the new society, to build social connections and to express cultural identity.  

So we sincerely hope the delegates, especially America, consider our idea, instead of saying unrealistic hot air.

