---
layout:     post
title:      "Session Report of Reuters"
subtitle:   "Bad Situation, little progress"
date:       2019-07-31 09:02:00
author:     "Reuters 李阳"
header-img: "https://s2.ax1x.com/2019/07/31/eYuuSs.jpg"
tags:
    - UNHRC
    - Reuters
---

In fact, despite the pessimistic attitude of the delegates at the second session mentioned by some journalists, the delegates did not change much at the last session of the day. Everyone was chattering about the original problems.   

Some countries want to grant these refugees fair treatment, while others refuse to accept it, including the representative of the United States who is firmly convinced to show no sincerity. Their attitude is absolute and they are unwilling to do what a world power should do. In the United States, the number of refugees is not quite large compared to its massive population, with up to 30,000 refugees accepted annually, while number of refugees in Europe and North Asia exceeds 60 million!   

Nevertheless, the United States is still reluctant to accept refugees, which is undeniably shocking. They have been thinking only about the interests of their own country, bearing in mind that their own interests cannot be sacrificed and no concession is accepted.   

Another delegate who made a statement was the representative of Switzerland. They are willing to accept foreign refugees, though having strict censorship of these refugees. They say that economic, housing, education and medical treatment can be fairly provided for these refugees. In addition, in terms of funding, no follow-up problems will be triggered.   

Funding for refugees can be obtained from government funds and refugees' private property. At the same time, they also said that these refugees cannot have a huge negative impact on the country; otherwise, they will take action and deal with it.   

Most countries, such as Japan, are reluctant to accept refugees, but willing to provide economic assistance. Another issue at this conference is the issue of refugee criminals. Some countries want to export refugees, but those receiving refugees do not want to accept criminals, which has led to disputes among them. We can see that the process of the meeting is now somewhat slow, which may be due to the inconsistent attitude of the United States. Therefore, some countries are very dissatisfied with the United States, such as China, Japan, Bolivia and so on. Reuters predicts that some countries will comment on American behavior tomorrow. At the same time, Reuters reporters believe that tomorrow delegates will solve the problem by discussing practical solutions rather than empty talk. Maybe delegates will discuss food and clothing again tomorrow. Today delegates think too idealistically. Perhaps these countries can provide refugees by collecting surplus food. Reuters also speculated that, if it could not be solved, perhaps delegates would ask the Security Council to intervene. Reuters sincerely hopes that tomorrow's meeting will go smoothly. Delegates will speak actively to solve this problem as soon as possible.
	
 
